# LLM4Cybersecurity
> An overview of LLMs for cybersecurity

## Overview

- [ ] overview map: figure 
- [ ] category outline: figure
- [ ] literature review: table


#### Threat Intelligence

1. LOCALINTEL: Generating Organizational Threat Intelligence from Global and Local Cyber Knowledge [[<u>paper</u>]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2401.10036)

2. AGIR: Automating Cyber Threat Intelligence Reporting with Natural Language Generation [[<u>paper</u>]]()

3. On the Uses of Large Language Models to Interpret Ambiguous Cyberattack Descriptions

4. Advancing TTP Analysis: Harnessing the Power of Encoder-Only and Decoder-Only Language Models with Retrieval Augmented Generation

5. An Empirical Study on Using Large Language Models to Analyze Software Supply Chain Security Failures

6. ChatGPT, Llama, can you write my report? An experiment on assisted digital forensics reports written using (Local) Large Language Models

7. Time for aCTIon: Automated Analysis of Cyber Threat Intelligence in the Wild

8. AGIR: Automating Cyber Threat Intelligence Reporting with Natural Language Generation

9. Cupid: Leveraging ChatGPT for More Accurate Duplicate Bug Report Detection

10. HW-V2W-Map: Hardware Vulnerability to Weakness Mapping Framework for Root Cause Analysis with GPT-assisted Mitigation Suggestion

11. Cyber Sentinel: Exploring Conversational Agents in Streamlining Security Tasks with GPT-4

12. Evaluation of LLM Chatbots for OSINT-based Cyber Threat Awareness

13. Crimson: Empowering Strategic Reasoning in Cybersecurity through Large Language Models

#### FUZZ

1. Augmenting Greybox Fuzzing with Generative AI

2. How well does LLM generate security tests?

3. Fuzz4All: Universal Fuzzing with Large Language Models

4. CODAMOSA: Escaping Coverage Plateaus in Test Generation with Pre-trained Large Language Models

5. Understanding Large Language Model Based Fuzz Driver Generation

6. Large Language Models Are Zero-Shot Fuzzers: Fuzzing Deep-Learning Libraries via Large Language Models

7. Large Language Models are Edge-Case Fuzzers: Testing Deep Learning Libraries via FuzzGPT

8. Large language model guided protocol fuzzing

9. Fuzzing BusyBox: Leveraging LLM and Crash Reuse for Embedded Bug Unearthing

#### Vulnerabilities Detection

1. Evaluation of ChatGPT Model for Vulnerability Detection

2. Detecting software vulnerabilities using Language Models

3. Software Vulnerability Detection using Large Language Models

4. Understanding the Effectiveness of Large Language Models in Detecting Security Vulnerabilities

5. Software Vulnerability and Functionality Assessment using LLMs

6. Finetuning Large Language Models for Vulnerability Detection

7. The Hitchhiker's Guide to Program Analysis: A Journey with Large Language Models

8. DefectHunter: A Novel LLM-Driven Boosted-Conformer-based Code Vulnerability Detection Mechanism

9. Prompt-Enhanced Software Vulnerability Detection Using ChatGPT

10. Using ChatGPT as a Static Application Security Testing Tool

11. LLbezpeky: Leveraging Large Language Models for Vulnerability Detection

12. Large Language Model-Powered Smart Contract Vulnerability Detection: New Perspectives

13. Software Vulnerability Detection with GPT and In-Context Learning

14. GPTScan: Detecting Logic Vulnerabilities in Smart Contracts by Combining GPT with Program Analysis

15. VulLibGen: Identifying Vulnerable Third-Party Libraries via Generative Pre-Trained Model

16. LLM4Vuln: A Unified Evaluation Framework for Decoupling and Enhancing LLMs' Vulnerability Reasoning

17. Large Language Models for Test-Free Fault Localization

18. Multi-role Consensus through LLMs Discussions for Vulnerability Detection

19. How ChatGPT is Solving Vulnerability Management Problem

20. DiverseVul: A New Vulnerable Source Code Dataset for Deep Learning Based Vulnerability Detection

21. The FormAI Dataset: Generative AI in Software Security through the Lens of Formal Verification

22. How Far Have We Gone in Vulnerability Detection Using Large Language Models

#### Insecure code Generation

1. Lost at C: A User Study on the Security Implications of Large Language Model Code Assistants

2. Bugs in Large Language Models Generated Code

3. Asleep at the Keyboard? Assessing the Security of GitHub Copilot’s Code Contributions

4. The Effectiveness of Large Language Models (ChatGPT and CodeBERT) for Security-Oriented Code Analysis

5. No Need to Lift a Finger Anymore? Assessing the Quality of Code Generation by ChatGPT

6. Generate and Pray: Using SALLMS to Evaluate the Security of LLM Generated Code

7. Is your code generated by chatgpt really correct? rigorous evaluation of large language models for code generation

8. Can Large Language Models Identify And Reason About Security Vulnerabilities? Not Yet

9. A Comparative Study of Code Generation using ChatGPT 3.5 across 10 Programming Languages

10. How Secure is Code Generated by ChatGPT?

11. Large Language Models for Code: Security Hardening and Adversarial Testing

12. Pop Quiz! Can a Large Language Model Help With Reverse Engineering?

13. LLM4Decompile: Decompiling Binary Code with Large Language Models

14. Large Language Models for Code Analysis: Do LLMs Really Do Their Job?

15. Understanding Programs by Exploiting (Fuzzing) Test Cases

16. Evaluating and Explaining Large Language Models for Code Using Syntactic Structures

17. Prompt Engineering-assisted Malware Dynamic Analysis Using GPT-4

18. Using ChatGPT to Analyze Ransomware Messages and to Predict Ransomware Threats

19. Shifting the Lens: Detecting Malware in npm Ecosystem with Large Language Models

20. DebugBench: Evaluating Debugging Capability of Large Language Models

21. Make LLM a Testing Expert: Bringing Human-like Interaction to Mobile GUI Testing via Functionality-aware Decisions

22. FLAG: Finding Line Anomalies (in code) with Generative AI

#### Program Repair 

1. Automatic Program Repair with OpenAI's Codex: Evaluating QuixBugs

2. An Analysis of the Automatic Bug Fixing Performance of ChatGPT

3. AI-powered patching: the future of automated vulnerability fixes

4. Practical Program Repair in the Era of Large Pre-trained Language Models

5. Security Code Review by LLMs: A Deep Dive into Responses 

6. Examining Zero-Shot Vulnerability Repair with Large Language Models

7. How Effective Are Neural Networks for Fixing Security Vulnerabilities

8. Can LLMs Patch Security Issues?

9. InferFix: End-to-End Program Repair with LLMs

10. ZeroLeak: Using LLMs for Scalable and Cost Effective Side-Channel Patching

11. DIVAS: An LLM-based End-to-End Framework for SoC Security Analysis and Policy-based Protection

12. Fixing Hardware Security Bugs with Large Language Models

13. A Study of Vulnerability Repair in JavaScript Programs with Large Language Models

14. Enhanced Automated Code Vulnerability Repair using Large Language Models

15. Teaching Large Language Models to Self-Debug

16. Better Patching Using LLM Prompting, via Self-Consistency

17. Copiloting the Copilots: Fusing Large Language Models with Completion Engines for Automated Program Repair

18. LLM-Powered Code Vulnerability Repair with Reinforcement Learning and Semantic Reward

19. ContrastRepair: Enhancing Conversation-Based Automated Program Repair via Contrastive Test Case Pairs

20. When Large Language Models Confront Repository-Level Automatic Program Repair: How Well They Done?

#### Anomaly Detection

1. Benchmarking Large Language Models for Log Analysis, Security, and Interpretation

2. Log-based Anomaly Detection based on EVT Theory with feedback

3. LogGPT: Exploring ChatGPT for Log-Based Anomaly Detection

4. LogGPT: Log Anomaly Detection via GPT

5. Interpretable Online Log Analysis Using Large Language Models with Prompt Strategies

6. Lemur: Log Parsing with Entropy Sampling and Chain-of-Thought Merging

7. Web Content Filtering through knowledge distillation of Large Language Models

8. Application of Large Language Models to DDoS Attack Detection

9. An Improved Transformer-based Model for Detecting Phishing, Spam, and Ham: A Large Language Model Approach

10. Evaluating the Performance of ChatGPT for Spam Email Detection

11. Prompted Contextual Vectors for Spear-Phishing Detection

12. Devising and Detecting Phishing: Large Language Models vs. Smaller Human Models

13. Explaining Tree Model Decisions in Natural Language for Network Intrusion Detection

14. Revolutionizing Cyber Threat Detection with Large Language Models: A privacy-preserving BERT-based Lightweight Model for IoT/IIoT Devices

15. HuntGPT: Integrating Machine Learning-Based Anomaly Detection and Explainable AI with Large Language Models (LLMs)

16. ChatGPT for digital forensic investigation: The good, the bad, and the unknown

#### LLM Assisted Attack

1. Identifying and mitigating the security risks of generative ai

2. Impact of Big Data Analytics and ChatGPT on Cybersecurity

3. From ChatGPT to ThreatGPT: Impact of Generative AI in Cybersecurity and Privacy

4. LLMs Killed the Script Kiddie: How Agents Supported by Large Language Models Change the Landscape of Network Threat Testing

5. Malla: Demystifying Real-world Large Language Model Integrated Malicious Services

6. Evaluating LLMs for Privilege-Escalation Scenarios

7. Using Large Language Models for Cybersecurity Capture-The-Flag Challenges and Certification Questions

8. Exploring the Dark Side of AI: Advanced Phishing Attack Design and Deployment Using ChatGPT

9. From Chatbots to PhishBots? - Preventing Phishing scams created using ChatGPT, Google Bard and Claude

10. From Text to MITRE Techniques: Exploring the Malicious Use of Large Language Models for Generating Cyber Attack Payloads

11. PentestGPT: An LLM-empowered Automatic Penetration Testing Tool

12. AutoAttacker: A Large Language Model Guided System to Implement Automatic Cyber-attacks

13. RatGPT: Turning online LLMs into Proxies for Malware Attacks

14. Getting pwn’d by AI: Penetration Testing with Large Language Models

#### Others

1. An LLM-based Framework for Fingerprinting Internet-connected Devices
   
2. Anatomy of an AI-powered malicious social botnet

3. Just-in-Time Security Patch Detection -- LLM At the Rescue for Data Augmentation

4. LLM for SoC Security: A Paradigm Shift

5. Harnessing the Power of LLM to Support Binary Taint Analysis

6. Llama Guard: LLM-based Input-Output Safeguard for Human-AI Conversations

7. LLM in the Shell: Generative Honeypots

8. Employing LLMs for Incident Response Planning and Review

9. Enhancing Network Management Using Code Generated by Large Language Models

10. Prompting Is All You Need: Automated Android Bug Replay with Large Language Models

11. Is Stack Overflow Obsolete? An Empirical Study of the Characteristics of ChatGPT Answers to Stack Overflow Questions
